So now that we got this open button working here we got our basic our very basic modal functionality
in place.
Now a next step that would be great is if we could customize the content of this model a bit more.
Right now we can pass in our own body our own main content.
But what about the title would be nice if we could pass in the title to and first setting the title.
There are of course two possible routes we could take.
One option would be to have like modal title attributes here which we can set.
We could certainly do that and we could set this attribute here.
And then in modal jazz in the Connected callback which we don't have yet because we don't need it we
could edit of course we could extract the dad attribute and we could then initialize our age one tag
content here with the title we set up in our attribute and of course we could then all of a listen to
changes in that title.
So in that modal title attribute and possibly updated in the modal when that changes there would be
nothing wrong with that but I actually want to show you how to use multiple slots because maybe we also
have a modal where we don't want to force the user into using h1 tag here.
Instead we want to let the user pass in any header the user wants and it could for example also be a
h1 tag with an H2 tag below it.
So to have a title and subtitle and for that I want to use a slot here in my component to the problem
now of causes.
I now got two slots right.
They got one in the header and I got one in the main section.
Now if we do that and we then go into the modal and we have let's say our H1 take here please confirm
if I do it like this and I reload this page and open the modal then it might look right at first but
if we inspect us we actually see this is not really working out the way we wanted to work if we have
a look at our model then in the header.
Well both is inserted the paragraph A.H. one tag and the main section there the slot basically is empty
because what essentially happens here is that the first slot catches all the content we pass into the
car component and that makes a lot of sense because how would javascript know.
Which part here should end up in which of our slots.
What we need is some kind of identification for each slot.
Some I.D. we assign to a slot which we then can use when we pass in some content to target a specific
slot and we can actually do that.
We can give our slots names and that is totally optional but something we can do.
And here I will give my slot a name by adding the name attribute.
This is how you do assigned names two slots and I'll name this title and down there.
We now could give us a name of main or we leave it unnamed and then any content which we pass in which
does not target a specific name will automatically go in here.
Now let me show you how this works.
So we get this slot named title here.
Now back in the next age team I'll file the content which should go into my name slot will receive an
extra slot attribute and there I simply point at the name.
So in my case title so I use title here on the slot attribute off the content that should go into that
title slot because I have title as a name here.
The second slot has no name and therefore the content which has no slot attribute automatically goes
into debt default slot.
I can show this to you if I now reload this page here.
If we now inspect this we see the header slot has the h1 tag and if I go into the main section this
slot has the paragraph tag and now we got a modal with more options for us to customize it because now
we got multiple slots where we can pass in content.
And of course we can also still assign a default value here.
So for example for this name slot just as we can do it for the unnamed slot I will add a default content
of please confirm payment in case we would not pass in content for this slot.
Now in our case we do.
So when I reload we should still see please confirm instead of my default content of please confirm
payment and indeed we do.
And now all the things you already learned apply so we can now style this content which we do passing
from inside our main app.
So to save from our main document we can style that here in the light dom or in our model with the slot
it special selector.
So here this stop in particular has no effect anymore because we can't target the h1 tag that's passed
into the shadow Dom from outside.
If we would want to target anything that gets passed in we would have to use the slotted attribute like
this.
So now here I simply add my conditions I want to styles slotted H ones and now if I reload this we have
that smaller text here.
So this is something we can still do.
Basically what you already learn about slots.